!2 Comcast Sample Fixture Wiki Page Standards

This page outlines the standards that the VBO Test Team has implemented for creating Sample Fixture Wiki Pages for fixture usage. This only applies to "sample" fixture page wikis and
does not apply to actual text fixture code nor does it apply to actual test wiki pages used for regression testing. Those standards will be covered under a separate page.

!3 Sample Wiki Fixture Naming Conventions

1. All wiki pages should being with the word Sample to indicate they are sample pages.

E.g. SampleAddDelay

2. All wiki page names should be concise.

3. Avoid words such as Validator and Retriever in names. Better to use names that start with verbs and use objects.

E.g. Use "SampleValidateJsonFixture"
     Do not use "SampleJ S O N Validator Fixture"

4. Do not include a string in a wiki name that has more than 1 Capital letter in a row.

E.g. Use "J S O N" (with spaces between) or Json (camel case). 
     Do Not use "JSON" - wiki page will throw and error.

5. Sample Titles are in readable English, concise and worded in such a way to indicate what the sample text fixture is.

6. Do not use the words "Page" and "Fixture" in the sample title unless it cannot be avoided.

!3 Sample Fixture Description

1. At the top of the wiki, first thing, should contain a description of the fixture and include its purpose and use and any other pertinent information for the user. 

2. Description should be in bold blue.

E.g.

!style_blue{'''The Edit File fixture is used to edit files on linux machines.'''}

!3 Fixture Input Column Descriptions

1. After the Description, Input Column descriptions should be listed. 

2. The titles should be in red bold font. 

3. The individual column titles should be listed on separate lines and include the column title, a dash, and a description of the column.

4. Individual column descriptions should be in bold green font.

E.g.

!style_red{'''Input Column Descriptions'''}

!style_green{'''filename - amount of time in seconds to delay before executing next fixture'''}
!style_green{'''findtext - original string in file that you want to replace'''}
!style_green{'''replacetext - new string with which you want to replace the original string'''} 

!3 Fixture Output Column Descriptions

1. After the Input Column Descriptions, Output Column descriptions should be listed. 

2. The titles should be in red bold font. 

3. The individual column titles should be listed on separate lines and include the column title, a dash, and a description of the column.

4. Individual column descriptions should be in bold green font.

E.g.

!style_red{'''Output Column Descriptions'''}

!style_green{'''findAllAndReplaceWithInFile - success message indicating the success of replacement'''} 

!3 Sample Fixture Steps

1. Each step in the sample wiki should be numbered in sequence starting with 1. 

2. Each step should be in bold blue font.

3. Any fixtures used outside the specific sample fixture should provide a reference to their sample fixture.

E.g. 

!style_blue{'''3. Create a file backup before editing the file contents by using the Run Command Fixture.'''}

!3 Sample Fixture Page Content

A sample fixture page may contain many steps that include references to other fixtures. It should be clear in the step description what other fixtures are being used
so a user can reference those fixtures in the Sample Comcast Tests And Fixtures. When referencing fixture pages - it is acceptable to place spaces between the words
in the name instead of camel casing. If names are camel cased, they will appear with question marks and be interpreted as wiki pages.

If a sample wiki page performs actions that change the system, it should also include actions that return the system to its original state. 
