!2 Comcast Fitnesse Test Review Checklist

Copy this checklist into each test creation-related user story and mark whether each checklist item for the test passes or fails. If any item(s) in the checklist are marked 
fail, include the reason for the failure and suggestions on how to remedy the failure. Discuss the failures in a meeting between developer and reviewer and agree on the 
remediation action. Either the developer or reviewer can make the changes to the test - as long as they follow the agreed remedy. Once all items in the checklist have passed, 
user stories can move from Review column to the Test Column on the Kanban Board.

1. Test Titles in readable English, concise and be in worded in such a way to indicate what the test tests.

2. Test Titles fit within a the structure of the rest of the tests in the test suite.

3. Test page begins with the word Description in 3 point font.

3. Test page contains a test description in bold blue style.

4. Test description clearly explains the purpose of the test (what the test does/tests).

5. All variables used in the test listed in a section that is collapsible or expandable.

6. Variables used consistently throughout test (including in expected values).

7. No hard coding of environment specific values (e.g. values that would be different between VTW and VTE).

8. No hard coding of vendor specific values (e.g. profile which can be A28 for Arris and S25 for Cisco).

9. Test 100% complete. (e.g. all schemas, xml, etc. have all values listed unless otherwise called out in the test).

10. Test functionally accurate (i.e., the test does what it says it does).

11. Test contains no validations of time or user data that can vary from run to run causing false failures.

12. Tests appear once in the suite.

13. Each test step separated by a line.

14. All steps on page in bold blue style.

15. All expected results on page in bold red style.

16. All test steps and fixture calls separated by a line.

17. All test have expected results.

18. All tests have reference to ALM test case id.

19. All tests have minimum of one test case.

20. Test steps can be run manually based on the information in the steps.

21. Test runs on local machine of reviewer.
